ORC-1409: [Docs] Add stream order description in ORC spec. (#1465)
apache/orc: site/specification/ORCv1.md

of each value. The details of each type will be presented in the
following subsections.

Note that the order of these streams is **not fixed**. In the example
of the integer column mentioned above, the order of the PRESENT stream
and the DATA stream cannot be determined in advance. Instead, we need

> to determine the type of stream based on the Stream Kind, rather than

Reviewer: Should we mention the following:
- index and data streams cannot be interleaved.
- the order of streams from different columns is not fixed as well.

of each value. The details of each type will be presented in the
following subsections.

There are a few points to note about the order of streams:

> * For a specific column type, the order of streams is **not fixed**.
> * Index and data streams cannot be **interleaved**.
> * The order of streams from different columns is **not fixed** as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a general order for index and data streams:
* Index streams are always placed together in the beginning of the stripe.
* Data streams are placed together after index streams (if any).
* Inside index streams or data streams, the unencrypted streams should be placed first and then followed by streams grouped by each encryption variant.

There is no fixed order within each unencrypted or encryption variant in the index and data streams:
* Different stream kinds of the same column can be placed in any order.
* Streams from different columns can even be placed in any order.

To get the precise information (a.k.a stream kind, column id and location) of a stream within a stripe, the streams field in the StripeFooter described below is the single source of truth.
```

Reviewer: These statements look a little bit vague to me, I have changed them to provide fixed order and flexible order. WDYT?

Reviewer: Also I would prefer to move them to below line 907.

Author: Thank you @wgtmac . It has been updated.
